any of you work a fast food job I never
did Subway I guess I'm the only one
qualified for this this job yes you
didn't work fast food bro you were a
sandwich artist that was very fast I
made sandwiches very fast very fast
sandwi American cheese goods truck stop
is
here we got to we got to unload it yeah
before we put the fries in the bag we
must put the boxes in the you guys
already played this right I've never no
it's a job what the we had real job
okay unlike some people is this a
freezer oh wait 5.8 on the Flor is that
a freezer a fre freezer 5.8 de C oh it
wants it on that's a fridge yeah this is
a fridge this is a fridge this is a
fridge americ it also works for Frozen
stuff it works for Frozen stuff here
this is the freezer this is like the one
in
Subway it's all coming back to you now
just like
Starbucks me and the man me and that
manager when I was what what was I
19 yeah dude were you the manager in the
freezer no she gave me a [__] in the
freezer yeah what yeah we're locked in
the freezer hello
no no seems like we're oh no step bro
we're locked in the
freezer gosh it's getting hard already
it's the cold it's the cold it's not me
rev up those friers gentlemen actually
for real though let me out of freezer
like I might I might
die yeah it's pretty cold in there4 you
ever have an under man's penis in your
mouth what you say it's getting hotter
in here what
not keep your apron on you stay over
there this A's Rising can I just take
orders and do soda can you open the
[__] freezer if I can do soda sure
you can do soda stupid thank you take a
Burg take a burger BN wrapping paper and
place it on the burger table d right you
do that now put the burger patty in the
W Pat put the burger patty in the
wrapping paper and wrap it yeah wrap
that [__] no burger bun no you just
that burger was just aatt interact with
the sign and open up the rest one vegan
burger please thank
you oh open the restaurant I'm going to
open it up yeah woohoo oh neon sign turn
I'll the grill I'll work the grill in
the I'll work the grill okay wait guys
we we got customer okay
okay okay she's going to come to me not
you she's going to come to me she's
going to come to me are you on are you
on a low carb diet because we got a
Patty with no bun hi hello M hello
welcome to whatever the we call this
place want want [__] the um she wants
hamburger one hamburger hold the sauce
hamburger right there one hamburger one
hamburger number 11 please put
condiments on put it on the plate need
condim
give it to her number 11 please this one
right watch eat it she's happy are you
Happ your meal and we got XP are you
happy with your burger imagine eating a
burger you like the way it taste how do
you like it it's our first
one she E I made it all by myself she's
eating it feels yeah you like that you
like that are you going to come back
more are these men B
we make our own mayonnaise guys guys
guys another
customer oh I love the
jumper want just a sing a sing hamburger
get away from hamb one hamburger any any
condiments or no we don't for she likes
it raw she likes it raw yeah oh she
didn't like that seems like the buns are
not in the right order you ret who
couldn't put the buns in the right order
a you guys bottom bun Patty top bun bun
patty patty bun I told you what's the
name of our restaurant what's the name
of the restaurant Happ
bur happy Burger one burger please wait
is this still no condiments
cond burer okay I'll I'll bring it
number 13 number 13 please oh oh how's
he already the motherfucker's already
eating a burger what the pat over over
it's burned Marcel you
stupid that one wanted it to be black
like him and he brought that burger he
brought this burger we didn't serve him
this burger he's going to tell all his
Burgers right there there's two burgers
right there come back those are perfect
Burgers right there we we need a Mexican
C cooking not Mar Sal can't do [__] get
Droid back is anybody in the bathroom
maybe the this guy looks from the back
room wait do we have to clean the
bathroom no I don't think so it would be
so good if people poop oh there's a guy
there's a guy dead in there
oh guys somebody's using the bathroom
you just walked in he just walked in B
new burger one burger please one burger
please right there you're harassing the
customer sing as [__] it's blur heing it
dude he might be jerking why is censored
where' she go can the members of Staff
watching the customer taking [__] please
get out and back in the kitchen please I
want to see the poo poo this guy came in
for a burger jerked off and walked out
done that before trying to get like him
that's compliments to the chef is what
he say how you live life right there
complim to the chef it's dark outside
it's 9:00 oh no another guy just sat
down we guy just sat down we're come
help me get the unload the truck Pastor
can you close that close the nine thank
you okay good first day everyone oh this
guy got his burger oh [__]
someone dumped that ear
SC all right Brian I'm assuming this is
for that guy where the is he he left he
left it are you sure welcome to Har
Burg oh this guy over
here come
here bye Teddy see you tomorrow should
we have a
meeting Mee we serve burgers you guys
watch them man take [__] it was a great
day yeah I jerked it can you jork it
while you [__] is that possible can you
JK can you J you [__] course we lost
money don't yeah don't worry about you
got to spend money to make cuz I spent I
spent a bunch of money on more patties
and
[__] wait wait a plum a plumpkin is when
you're when you're getting a blow job a
blumkin oh is with a be I like how youum
a plump kin could be what we call if you
just jorg yourself know it's a blumkin
it's when you get [__] while you're
taking a
[__] it's it's it's it's your P it's not
real it's no it's real no it's real cuz
you say that are we opening yet you
understand you understand the biology
you understand the biology to it Pastor
right all where the patties we're open H
the patties are in the freezer well okay
so the thing about men the freezer dumb
ass that's a fridge when we have a
really big [__] it hits our prostate and
it feels amazing and then it's like a
double whammy so you what that's the
whole point of a BL
Corners well depends on it depends on
how much I've eaten Nola if if I'm built
up if I'm like you've never had a [__]
in natur you're like never had a b
you've never you have a kid bro you are
we open are we open yes we're open yes
we're open we have customers one burer
please I'm so hungry looking at all this
food I'm ordering I'm ordering fast food
I don't give I'm
hungry oh the menu pictures are so nice
I want carne and I would order carne
shorty was corne short shut up stupid
corne short was goddamn corne
short I need a corny sword
corny ah [__] it that's it I'm ordering
food got it got I don't give a [__] why
why did you make me play fast food
simulator
stop it my weakness stop it this was all
of a sudden now you want to do work and
get join my you put it here you put it
Yer you're now out in my clan why do you
have to put it I guess where's Clan you
go he
go give me that tray that tray right
there right behind yep sorry sorry
wasn't paying attention number three
please thank you fat man thank you for
coming happy there you go B that's for
you for being a good woman Burger we can
make oh [__] thank you [__] [__] [__] I
didn't mean to take that's what we need
to know this going to be my travel
Burger all right this is this is a
single my travel burger oh we got a tip
thank you got a tip okay we got to we
got to split that at the end of the
night says who says whoit it split I'm
I'm taking
[Laughter]
it she laughs like Beetle Juice she just
laugh she steals 70 cents oh my God just
did a Beetle Juice laugh did you tell
her about
the back to
Atlanta okay I need to a double please
St with a double starting with a big one
bang yes sir yes sir Wai for these
patties to cook up interesting jacket
happened to the old patties they were
bad oh ketchup Ketch up okay okay order
up I need you to listen I got a
hamburger single two squirts of ketchup
oh is coming in h is coming order in the
back please I got it I got it I got it I
got H order up single all right it's
filling quick boys I'm ready oh [__] our
K our ketchup bottles are empty okay
here let me give you the dry Patty which
one was that the first one the first
order was what double double is number
eight eight eight double [__] that's a
single that's a single put that down
don't don't take that you already is it
a single EV is it a single no yeah it's
a single order up number 11 I got a
double I got a double right here I got a
double right here double put it on the
eight did anyone did anyone order the
ketchup y ketchup okay where is it is it
in the bottles y okay all right we got a
single with ketchup right two squirts of
ketchup two squirts of ketchup
right the Vanos crew finally fell off
and we're trying to get a real job this
is great okay number 16 ketchup double
ketchup double
single with triple ketchup double
ketchup number 15 15 double ketchup is
15 double
ketchup order up number 12
[Music]
please 13 triple squirt 13 triple triple
squirt some did the triple squirt and
put serve to the wrong
[__] these things happen number
13 triple number 13 triple we need a
triple sore sing a man gift card right
now I'll offer a man a gift card right
now give a gift card
comp it somebody comp it hey what's that
number 17 is that is that my triple
triple triple scir yeah that's what the
one say [__] talk to me to me you're
an idiot
sandwich look at look at the screen
that's what you told me throw we need
three trip squ number instead of human
communication sir I can't wait for soda
I can't wait I can't wait for sh dry
single this person has been waiting 25
minutes I got you I got ity single try
single number three order please I
already did it I already did it I
already did it double squirter please
apologize for us please I got a double
squirter I'm waiting on a triple triple
squirt up next please I got your triple
squirt coming up one two three give it a
good squirt here's your triple squirt
where triple squirt and number number 10
please order up triple squirts number
six you're taking my take the squirts
triple label what's in the I wish you
would shut
the need double squirter double squirter
on 12 please master I'm sorry for
yelling I'm sorry for yell it's just
it's just a work environment it's just
bringing me back and I'm just getting
the flashbacks dry Dr one dry four
number four is dry single looking
actually pretty no no no no wait it's a
triple square that's a triple square
that's a triple square then put put it
on number 13 number 16 number 16 put it
on number 16 16 16 no 16 that's 16 no
but you got the wrong token you've got
the wrong token over here I'm killing
myself sir if you could give us a give
us five dry double dry double coming up
listen listen you make sure the order M
receipt okay you can't take number nine
turn number 16 you took off the bun I
don't know why you took off the bun I
don't know how to check the number how
do you unrap it never done that show us
that bur show us in Burger scho Che the
number before you take it away from my
kitchen hey we're in the we gotoda
I'll do the soda I'll do the soda okay
yeah you're on
soda all right past big responsibility
we're expecting big things from you I'm
not I can do that no GL you looking at
your uh your delivery oh is the food
here my food is here yeah man you can't
be eating until you h no no eating no
eating on the job no eating on the job
you can wait for your 15 actually you
know no no no one second no one second K
you take your 15 you have to go in the
back now you have to go in bike take go
on take your 15 come on get in the bike
pasta you can deliver now you can all
right let's open up let's open up one
second Pasta Pasta Pasta just so you
know when when you're doing stock where
where the [__] is she um closing the
truck what okay no no I want you to come
over here come over here yeah okay
whenever you're doing stock and stuff
like that come over here there's a
reason why there's a hidden area Okay
second sir we hate you okay all right
don't embarrass me in front of a
customer ever again hello sir welcome in
at
sh Serv it one drink please one Mr one
Mr just for a drink make sure he puts
water in that cup oh H we need two ice
on this one pasta H single dry please
boys you let them order how many pie
single dry two ice cubes
got this is a work of art guys I got to
ad are you are you having your 15 or I'm
waiting for the delivery and then I'm
going to give it oh this is a big one
holy [__] I got it single two squirts
Burger already done
Burg's already done there it is see oh
they need a drink yeah you're on the
drink you got very very effectively
thanks for the pre- buun very good
placement right there effici yeah pre
buun this guy's just getting a drink
he's he's poor this is actually going
very
good finish the drink nice nice Patty
work there nice Patty work I got a
Pokemon pack in my MacDonald's number
six no your Pokemon packs number six s
sorry yeah I P A uh from my my Happy
Meal the other day dry single one
hamburger dry single pass pass come here
come here dry single right here got it
already when you're when you're working
here you do not talk competition okay no
Happy Meals no okay take the order you
stupid whse okay thank you very much
thank you Tyler thank you you you a
berry you a berry you a berry reporting
to HR yeah yeah honestly how is HR HR
stand for homosexual re I don't give a
[__]
or order up or order up Christ sorry
guys I'm sorry about that I'm sorry I'm
sorry we're we're really we're really
trying to like test this we can't be
cancelled huh listen I didn't say I
didn't like them I just out there though
exist don't don't don't belittle their
existence running we do have Mayo now we
do have may we're good oh he's
M I'm just turned well Captain M chicken
is bringing the orders around hey don't
look at me man I just look at I look
pleas L Splash Cola please pasta I got
it I got it Burger three lettuce that's
number six that's number six I swear to
God get the lettuce I had a manager my
dad [__] can't move the lettuce I'm play
I'm playing okay everyone I'm playing
the psychopath I'm not really like this
sure he is you're playing a bit too
good all right I'm shutting help shop
shut up there you go sir dude I'm not
going to lie I'm right here I'm not
going to lie don't you don't you walk
away don't you walk away this this was
made with love and happiness hey hey you
order this [__] you better eat it [__]
hey it was I'm going to steal your
credit card information stop
stop you order this food you better
you're lucky I can't cross the street
you're lucky I can't cross this barrier
[__] I will whoop that ass BW with
motherucker did they actually order
leave come back come back see what
happens you going to tip me there ain't
no way we're serving a burger from you
going to tip me yes thank you thank you
watch this sir watch this hey put that
[__] in the fridge dog you have to
wrapid those so you have to hope it's a
dry single that's fine all right we'll
put a bunch of dry singles in the fridge
so if you ever need a dry single that's
where you find
them top shelf in the fridge is a bunch
of dry singles for the basic [__]
they won't know the difference this game
they don't even have taste buds so is
this possible to even lose put this
whole ass TR
in there too it really just feels like
we're running a successful establishment
we really are I cannot believe I thought
this was going to go horrible you guys
are actually very good at this game like
unironically we have an order guys what
we have to get it before we we're closed
no they're driving away we're closed
it's fine you're talking about the truck
why did you order stuff from the truck
at 9:00 p.m. they're driving away who
did that why did you do that wasn't me
wasn't me it was pasta it was I don't
even know I'm a woman I can't even how
much money did you just light on fire
that truck oh my god did you wait did
you actually order stuff no I didn't
this is this is why corporate needs to
stop hiring women as our manager di di
that's insane we got pick we got pick
pick pickle I'm feeling this is going to
get this is going to get a lot of anger
I need drink cups
yeah that's a
problem what was
[Music]
that I'm going to get blamed for this I
got to check the
drivethru why why am I stuck on front
with this [__]
R she I'm going to get blame for this I
need to open the window I got you double
dry right here get get the drink
no oh Hello read the receipt number six
please thank you nle that's fine this is
just a drink I got it got this i got
this I got that one 17 I got 17 1 2
three where's the
mayonnaise the Mayon two the Mayon
here's 17 no clean up the [__] tables
picking your no hello Madam thank you so
much number 15 please start running
double hamburger please boys one
Mega serious
is matter of I see it it's so black it's
so
black five I want to see this Patty
single with double pickle there you
already did that no I think we're good
these are both old receipts these are we
can all relax now as if you haven't been
relaxing the whole time You' been doing
[__] no no I have been
working just cuz I like my job and you
don't like yours stealing all the tips
this woman just took a massive [__]
I caught her walking out of the bathroom
like floating she was so much lighter
wow that's crazy dude she doesn't want
the black burger that's racist what was
it called
the the mega
mega sweetie you okay you barely touched
your
mega well done everyone look at that
good profit ice we got ice cream ice
cream our ice cream machine brok
suddenly I am interested again Gola what
come work the
grill Mr hoop one
us I got Mr hoop I got Mr hoop oh these
are almost done go ahead and grab
yourself a tray and then take them off
not going to lie man this is kind of
boring hamburger four pickles please
well if you [__] worked it's get it
gets exciting hello thank you very much
sir number 14 17 is coming r
up service next right I'm right here s
oh sorry I'm racist sorry sorry
sorry strawberry ice cream please over
there pasta that's 11 Pasta Pasta I'm
right pasta I'm right here I'm literally
right here that's no she did it wrong
strawberry I'll get strawberry you go
sir got it I already got the strawberry
ice cream no you dumb [__] number
11 that's insane don't say that that's
not nice burger with four pickles coming
up I I don't know how I forgot that one
this the Shi
HR [__] that's not nice that's a nice
her dumb [__] CU you being a dumb [__]
all right that doesn't help what you
single single hamburger coming right up
dumb [__] [__] be a single
hamburger dumb [__] I'm sorry I used the
wrong
pronoun dude I'm overwhelmed over here
on the burgers I need someone to come
help me make some burgers I'm cooking
the way I was told well was wrong yeah
they didn't put anything else on it
those stupid shits I gave them the
burger you were supposed to put other
where's that burger number one please
shut the I need help [__] I need
help now I forgot which one this one is
okay I've just made like 30 burgers
Making burgers marel am I
done you have to look at the restaurant
and then like make you know what I'm
saying like to judge it for yourself I
don't know which one no no there it is
number one go Jesus is in here 13 is
gone you goddamn idiots three left two
three's leaving oh my
you me I'm one guy trying to make 20
Burgers number one is left two six of
you one is left that two clicks hey
that's not nice that that's not nice you
can't say that you you can't say
that you can't say are you saying past
is not our friend she's not being a
re that's your here I don't know I don't
know if that's right or not I don't even
remember what I put on that burger just
take it SER four pickles I got the four
pickles okay it's right it's for eight
eight yeah she's happy with it number
one I'm done making barers man I'm
done 3 seconds who's doing number
six number two number two he already
quit NOA can't flip patties in a
digital I'm tired of your [__] I'm tired
of this [__] I hate this job Burger get
that vanilla ice cream get in the
vanilla ice cream where's Nola I'm in
the freezer
crying crying food oh my god well you
shouldn't have been mean to me he shut
himself in the freezer two left two left
you took too long oh my God oh my God
one ice you got it right here you don't
understand
this [__] all right I think I'm quitting
I think this my two this is my this is
myce in the B this is my two minutes
notice I'm quitting here I'm quitting
now this is fun I like no it's not I'm
quitting Nola quit his virtual job like
in first he's in the freezer right now
go look
at he's he worked half of this like
shift the entire time I made the burgers
I was told to make [__] you you ate you
ate for the first half and then
complains for the second half only does
the bare minimum of what he's
told that's the true fast food worker
experience Corporation doesn't care
about me [__] McDonald's he ate for the
first half and cried for the second
somebody hit me hit me with your
car this felt like a reality show I'm
taking this burger with me into the
Afterlife all right we're done right
we're done we're done oh I'm so ready
for more no you're not where's
Nola stuck in the freezer actually
assembling the burgers is the hardest
part by far it is it
is do it one time you didn't do it one
time but I know it is by looking at him
was like I would like to do that my
brain actually got scrambled remembering
which Burgers I did or didn't do in mid
Burger remembering how many pickles I
did or didn't put on it how many squirts
of [__] [__] I'm going to I can't are we
doing are we done or are we we done me
out of the
[Music]
freezer I want to come on now no no
leave him leave his ass in there leave
him in there let's just leave it's just
me and you beef patties can't
leave here here you can eat this oh let
me
out come on guys I'm scared come meet in
my office yeah let's have for reports
let's have a let's have a employer
employee evaluation evaluation let's
have evaluations wild cat as head of
inventory and burger making quality was
great some of the burgers were a little
sloppy out there those not me dude I was
watching him up the whole time but you
know I wanted him to learn by trying you
know and failing yeah yeah hey hey and I
appreciate you anos you did well in the
first half fell off the second what
happened there well it was only one
round I took my PTO cuz I was working
the whole time so iig that is fair that
is fair there you go uh ran yeah but in
doing so he made me want to kill myself
and thus I am quitting this will be my
last day if you force me to come in
tomorrow I will blow my brains out in
the front lobby you are scheduled to
work tomorrow be all right I'll be here
with My Revolver I'll see you and when
you kill yourself you will not be paid
overtime ran we don't we don't cover
there will not be more time to have it
will be end of time you did a great job
front a house you know directing
everything and calling out the orders
thank you did a great job you did a
great job just grabbing a receipt
turning and placing it you excellent job
thank you thank thank you I made it look
easy um are suicides covered on our po
they are not actually okay okay um and
then no you were fired the [__] you
didn't even want to work anyway this is
the best thing to happen to you what are
you talking about oh
yeah look at him on his way to go put
Vanos in the title there there he
goes there he goes I was going to do it
I was wasn't going to do it but I'm
doing it
now we should end the day though so we
can save the file in that's true that's
true I actually do want to get the
drivethru I can work the drive only if
this video thing what are you talking
about yeah only if the video does you
proven yourself completely worthless
throughout this own process all you did
was order McDonald's in real life it
showed up you ate it and then you hit in
the freezer that's all you did
potato potato we got fries those are
onions not potatoes see you guys in day
seven see you guys at day s where we get
potato to Atlanta